docs: explain use of env files in contrubution guidelines (#462)
Bearer/bearer: docs/contributing/code.md

go mod download
```

> Finally we use [direnv](https://direnv.net/) to manage env vars in development you can setup your own by using `.envrc.example` as a base. You're unlikely to need to set anything other than `GITHUB_WORKSPACE` for integration tests so feel free to skip this step or export it manaually using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we use [direnv](https://direnv.net/) to manage env vars in development. You can set up your own by using `.envrc.example` as a base. You're unlikely to need to set anything other than `GITHUB_WORKSPACE` for integration tests, so feel free to skip this step or export it manually using:
```

```

> export GITHUB_WORKSPACE=`pwd`

Reviewer 2: if you run `scripts/run_tests.sh`, that will be done automatically

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/Bearer/curio/blob/main/scripts/run_tests.sh

Author: Maybe we should update the docs a bit based on this @markmichon ?

Reviewer: Hmm. Let's keep this open. I'll add the other page to this PR with a note about running the test script instead of the standard `go test ../.` line.
